and this weekend, enrique iglesias
presented at the national auditorium and here
do not tell it we do not have the images
exclusive of your presentation see this
successful was the return of enrique
churches to the scenarios this after
that a month ago they suffered mishap in their
right hand for taking a drone during
one of his concerts in tijuana the
singer resumed her sex on love tour in
the colossus of reform by vibrating the
hearts of the 10,000 people that
they found presents
an extraordinary giant screen
play of lights great musicians a
perfect scenario to make closer
of your football fans is important to
Wear this magnificent show minutes
after having finished the concert
and with some people still inside the
enclosure
enrique returned to the stage to sing
them arrived showing that the singles
are part of its essence here images
exclusive of that moment
is that concert had an hour of
delay was not an impediment for
all the attendees will have a
great taste and even some of
they did not miss the opportunity to
approach to touch it and leave
apapachar
reported marine cepeda
you saw right now this image where
he is taping a candle in
towards the gobi of oh that gave us a lord
that was xm arturo diaz rangel
thank you very much that I approached him
I said hear please the fans and from
Suddenly this back comes a hard bar of
there of the national audience as for
defend it as well as those that Luis Miguel
and so on but wait for the audience as
for ay wait, do not go grabbing
the fans because they think he does
let him grab by the fans and he turned and
he said do not approach me it's more goodbye
let me approach them and suddenly in
the concert and we have the images in
the concert appears in the middle of the
national audience to sing to the
public back up and there sits
like some 34 songs near the public
close 4
next and best bus does account
out at 11 o'clock at night
the concert on Friday then of
they turn on you know you turn the lights on
of the national auditorium
at 1120, believing that it is no longer
I was going out again, enrique iglesias
At 1120 Enrique leaves again
churches with a bottle of tequila
near says to see all of
security those that are up there that
they come down I want to follow you singing what
song they want and so they threw half
more time as wilson try the
images but if not that if they happen
where I'm singing and see another
when we have the right, we stay
until that part is what they threw
you know about all this will be a
rabbit ears because for him
they had fanned this so some
Brassieres of different colors level
more this is what happened on Friday and
the national audience is already
if I'm blindfolded and you know what
I liked it more each time is personaba
and sack was bending to the floor a grenade
thanking and I feel that I did not have the
opportunity to see it but good more like this
was from the beginning to the end
and well I catch this but look at me
I asked people mushrooms and what are they
those who bring the concerts to mexico from
ricky martin and of enrique iglesias and
then I said hey who is for you is
better show who sells the best
option give equal i still but they are very show
different said because ricky martin is
everything majestic said and enríquez
extremely close to the people who gave
interview that good concert listen
the second concert I do is the
violent recovery but there is in the
I still do not have any, I'm not sorry, but
I believe that in a couple of months it will be
our YouTube channel and find out
before anyone else what your
favorite artists starts right now
by clicking on these videos